Update v1 release blog with sigstore verification fix. (#110)
kubewarden/kubewarden.io: content/blog/2022/06/v1-release.md

Checkout [our documentation](https://docs.kubewarden.io/tasksDir/psp-migration)
for more details about the migration process.

> ~~**Note:** keyless signing is still considered experimental by the Sigstore~~
> ~~project. The Kubewarden 1.0.0 release is not able to handle keyless signatures~~
> ~~created from May 2022 onward.~~
>
> ~~This regression has been introduced by a recent change done by the Sigstore
> project. This issue is going to be fixed with the next release of the
> Kubewarden stack.~~
>
> ~~In the meantime, regular key based signatures can be used.~~
> 

> > **Update:** This issue is fixed in the Kubewarden 1.0.1 release. Intermediate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Update:** This issue is fixed in the Kubewarden 1.0.1 release. An intermediate
```

> certificate CA was added in Fulcio, and we were verifying using the root

> > CAs. This intermediate certificate was added to our verification chain to fix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> CAs. This intermediate certificate in now added to our verification chain to fix
```
